README.md, before:

# aslo-v3
Upcoming Software center for SugarLabs (ASLO V3)


## Setup Instructions

### Install virtualenv

`pip install virtualenv`

### Create a vritualenv
`virtualenv ~/envs/flask-dev`

### Activate virtualenv
`source ~/envs/flask-dev/bin/activate`

### Install Dependencies
`pip install -r requirements.txt`

### Install Redis

``` bash

cd /tmp
wget http://download.redis.io/releases/redis-stable.tar.gz
tar xzf redis-stable.tar.gz
make
make test
sudo make install
```
 For a more comprehensive guide follow this [Tutorial from DigitalOcean](https://www.digitalocean.com/community/tutorials/how-to-install-and-configure-redis-on-ubuntu-16-04)

Make sure redis is running by logging in `redis-cli`


### Run Celery Workers

`celery worker -A app.celery --loglevel=info` this will start celery workers
### Run the Flask Server

`python app.py` will start Flask server listening on all interfaces `0.0.0.0` and port `5000`

## Building
Temporarily all apps are cloned to a folder named repos.
So create a folder named `repos`.

 `mkdir repos`.

Commit message:

Experimented with Mongo DB and it seems like a nice Choice. TODO- Improve integration

README.md, after:

# aslo-v3
Upcoming Software center for SugarLabs (ASLO V3)


## Setup Instructions

### Install virtualenv

`pip install virtualenv`

### Create a vritualenv
`virtualenv ~/envs/flask-dev`

### Activate virtualenv
`source ~/envs/flask-dev/bin/activate`

### Install Dependencies
`pip install -r requirements.txt`

### Install Redis

``` bash

cd /tmp
wget http://download.redis.io/releases/redis-stable.tar.gz
tar xzf redis-stable.tar.gz
make
make test
sudo make install
```
 For a more comprehensive guide follow this [Tutorial from DigitalOcean](https://www.digitalocean.com/community/tutorials/how-to-install-and-configure-redis-on-ubuntu-16-04)

Make sure redis is running by logging in `redis-cli`

### Install MongoDB
Make sure MongoDB is running by typing `mongo`

### Run Celery Workers

`celery worker -A app.celery --loglevel=info` this will start celery workers
### Run the Flask Server

`python app.py` will start Flask server listening on all interfaces `0.0.0.0` and port `5000`

## Building
Temporarily all apps are cloned to a folder named repos.
So create a folder named `repos`.

 `mkdir repos`.
